what is going on guys Jack here and
welcome to a quick little one off video
just telling you a lot bout a database
that myself and Chris have been working
on can I just start by saying a huge
thank you to Chris for helping me do
this database and I started work on it
and then I really needed some help and
he came in and he really took over for
me help me do some of the stuff that I
wouldn't have been able to do myself
with the database and go check out his
channel link is below but huge thank you
to him for helping me out with this and
I hope you guys enjoy this as a result
so basically what this database is is
it's a America reformed database that's
the name of it the American reform it's
a restructure of the US football system
to make it a little bit more
user-friendly a little bit more
competitive but also to make it a bit
kind of I don't know it has a lot more
depth to it then i guess the mls but
it's all kind of on a single tier so
what you've got you've got five tiers of
american football you have the adidas
national super league you then got the
verizon national championship the pepsi
elite division the pepsi a premier
division and the pepsi national division
so there's five tiers in total there's
also two domestic cups there is the
budweiser US Open Cup and the mountain
dew Cup now the Budweiser US Open Cup is
a competition in which all the teams on
the database competing and the mountain
dew cup is a cup for the lower free
division team so basically teams in the
third fourth and fifth divisions have a
chance to play for some domestic glory
rather than getting slaughtered in the
Budweiser US Open Cup every year so this
database comes of all the graphics ready
if it has the majority of the logos for
all the clubs there's a few which I
couldn't find online and may add at a
later date it also has the kits for all
the MLS teams as well as it all set out
nice and ready for you and the
competition logos so guys go and have
fun with this database I will be playing
a duel doing a playthrough for this and
the first upload will be my a hundred
volt blowed on my channel that'll be
away on the same thank you I guess this
database is away the same thank you for
your long support and being able to
share it with you
is kind of my first venture into the
database editor and I had a lot of fun
despite me really letting Chris to a lot
of the work but huge thank you to him
because he really helped me out with
this just another quick thing is i will
be doing my playthrough with new york
infinity who are in the fifth here
they're completely fictional team i made
up and added to the database and but
there's two teams really you can play
out here there's New York infinity who
were which is who I'm going us on New
York Cosmos or cosmos I prefer cosmos
cosmos cosmic Cosmo sounds really
partial just shut up jack but basically
both these teams starting the bottom
division and they're probably the best
two teams in the 5th and 4th divisions
I'd say so you should be able to get
promotion pretty easily the first two
years but these two teams are really
kind of competitive teams but they're
programmed in as local rivals they have
slightly more money than other clubs and
they're probably the best to to do a
play through with if going from the
depths of non-league to the top division
is your kind of thing so I'm going to
cut this off here guys link is down
below too I guess download this for
yourself there's also a readme in there
with a little background story of the
whole database and the story behind the
league reform there is also a readme
well within the readme there's all the
instructions you need for installing the
graphics and the database itself so guys
go check out as I've already said
hopefully you enjoyed this video
hopefully you enjoy playing with this
database if you come across any bugs or
problems or have any questions you want
to ask leave them in the comments and
other than that I'll talk to you guys in
a bit amount